README.md, before:

# WikiSearch

This project was generated with [angular-cli](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.0.0-beta.10.

## Development server
Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive/pipe/service/route/class`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/). 
Before running the tests make sure you are serving the app via `ng serve`.

## Deploying to Github Pages

Run `ng github-pages:deploy` to deploy to Github Pages.

## Further help

To get more help on the `angular-cli` use `ng --help` or go check out the [Angular-CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

Made master just a README explaining the purpose of the repo

README.md, after:


![Course Logo](https://d2eip9sf3oo6c2.cloudfront.net/series/covers/000/000/076/full/EGH_A2_Instasearch-cover.png?1474397982)

# Build an Angular 2 Instant Search Component

## About this repo

This repo contains the example code for the Eggheadio `Build an Angular 2 Instant Search Component` course. Each lesson is in it's own branch with the code relevant to that lesson. In each branch there is a link to a plunk where the code is ran. If the repo is downloaded locally just run `npm install` and `ng serve`.

## Course Description

In this course you will learn more about using observables in Angular 2. We are going to explore the new HTTP service, and how we can leverage the power of observables and RxJS to build a rock solid instant search component with a handful of operators.

You will learn operators like `map`, `distinctUntilChanged`, `debounceTime`, `merge`, `flatMap`, and `switchMap` by applying them to a real-world component. By the end of this course you will have a clear understanding of how components can be designed around the concept of event streams which are wired together like modular building blocks.

All of this in about 11 minutes! 😄
